chapter 2.1 - Make Bastion working (#8)
bastion-rs/book: src/ch02-00-how-to.md

# How to

> In this section we will take about the principal features of bastion, with a functionnal approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we will talk about the principal features of bastion, with a functional approach.
```
